to make a lush tombs flower
First, cut out the paper blank for
petals
now we put paper preparation
tissue and outline the boundaries of the petals of all
need to make forty five petals
each petal is singed over a candle and
give it the desired shape
from a square satin ribbon 5 by 5
centimeters cut circle which edge
singe over the candle
proceed to the creation of the middle of the flower
we cut out a strip 50 from four from organza
centimeter
edges singe over the candle fold it
width in half and on the edge of laying
thread stitches tighten and attach
midpoint round shape
glue petals round base
petals of each subsequent row
should be located between the petals
previous row
when all the petals are glued glued
the middle of the flower hope this master
the class was useful for you
do not forget to put your finger up
subscribe to new videos and share
your impressions in the comments
good mood and creative
success